fix: Always support close function and close events for closing Node.js applications. (#4373)
platformatic/platformatic: docs/reference/node/overview.md

const timeoutId = setTimeout(() => console.log('done'), 10_000)

// Optionally provide a close function
export async function close () {
  clearTimeout(timeoutId)
}
```

## Handling Application Shutdown

When your Node.js application needs to gracefully shut down, Platformatic provides several mechanisms to ensure resources are properly cleaned up:

### `close` Function

Export a `close` function from your application entry point to handle cleanup when the application shuts down:

```js
// Store references to resources that need cleanup
let server
let database

export async function close () {
  // Clean up your resources
  if (database) {
    await database.close()
  }
  if (server) {
    await server.close()
  }
  console.log('Application closed gracefully')
}
```

### `close` Event Handler

Alternatively, you can register a close event handler using the global Platformatic events:

```js
globalThis.platformatic.events.on('close', async () => {
  // Handle cleanup here
  console.log('Received close event, cleaning up...')
  // Perform your cleanup operations

> })

Author: No, it's an error in the docs. Being an EventEmitter we can't wait. Removed `async`.

  }

  console.log('Application closed gracefully')
}
```

### `close` Event Handler

Alternatively, you can register a close event handler using the global Platformatic events:

```js
globalThis.platformatic.events.on('close', () => {
  console.log('Received close event, cleaning up...')

  // Perform your cleanup operations
})
```

### Fastify Applications

Fastify applications are handled automatically by Platformatic, but custom cleanup logic can still be implemented using the other mechanisms above if needed.

### General behavior

Platformatic Node handles closing the main application components:

- **Applications with `create` function**: It will invoke the `close` method on the server returned by the function.
- **Applications without `create` function**: It will invoke the `close` method on the first `node:http` server that listened on a TCP port.

However, **additional resources must be manually closed** using the mechanisms described above, otherwise the application will hang during shutdown and eventually timeout.

In applications launched via custom commands only the `close` event handler is available for cleanup and the `close` function is ignored.

:::warn

> If your application is not using Fastify, doesn't export a `close` function and doesn't handle the `close` event, Platformatic will log a warning message suggesting you implement proper cleanup to avoid exit timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application needs to clean up some shared states (connection pool, etc), you must export a `close` function or handle the `close` event. If you don't, Platformatic will log a warning message suggesting you implement proper cleanup to avoid exit timeouts. The exception is Fastify. 
```
